1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Functions are a good way to structure your code and reduce the need of duplicat code. That makes your programm shorter, eseaer to understand and update.

2 When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
The code in a function execute when the function is called.

3. What statement creates a function?
def

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
A function consits of the def statement and the code in its def clause. A function 
call is what moves the program execution into the function, and function call evaluates to the function's return value.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
A program has one global scope. A local scope is created, when a function is called. 

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
When the function call returns, the local scope is destroyed and all variables in it are forgotten.

7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
A return value is the value a function call evaluates to. A return value can be uesed in an expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function? None

9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
Use the global statement before the variable. 

10. What is the data type of None?
NoneType

11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
The import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
spam.bacon()

13. How can you prevent a program from chrashing when it gets an error?
Place the line of code that might cause an error in a try clause.

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
The line of code that potentialy cause an error goes in the try clause.
The line of code that executes when an error occurs goes in the except clause.

